RDSC-1415: applier-should-use-keyspace-property-for-job-matching-in-cassandra (#2703)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rdi/data-transformation/data-transformation-pipeline.md

> Note: Any reference to `server_name`, `db`, `schema` and `table` properties will be treated by default as case insensitive. This can be changed by setting `case_insensitive` to `false`.

> > Cassandra only: In Cassandra, a `keyspace` is roughly the equivalent to a `schema` in other databases. RDI will use the `schema` property declared in a job file to match with the `keyspace` attribute of the incoming change record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Cassandra only: In Cassandra, a `keyspace` is roughly the equivalent to a `schema` in other databases. RDI uses the `schema` property declared in a job file to match with the `keyspace` attribute of the incoming change record.
```

> > MongoDB only: In MongoDB, a `replica set` is roughly equivalent to a `schema`, and a `collection` is similar to a `table`, as compared to other databases. RDI will use the `schema` and `table` properties declared in a job file to match with the `replica set` and `collection` attributes of the incoming change record, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> MongoDB only: In MongoDB, a `replica set` is a cluster of shards with data and can be regarded as  roughly equivalent to a `schema` in a relational database. MongoDB `collection` is similar to a `table`, as compared to other databases. RDI uses the `schema` and `table` properties declared in a job file to match with the `replica set` and `collection` attributes of the incoming change record, respectively.
```
